what's up guys killjoy here and today
I'm going to be doing a video on my
server um so I'm sorry about that um
don't hurts a little um so this is my
server this is the spawn right there
pretty cool spawn um we didn't build it
but credit to whoever did and I will
leave a link in the description but it's
an amazing spawn we just made it for our
needs and everything and whatnot but
yeah as soon as you cross um it's it's a
factions pvp server and um initial spawn
right there and over there's the
donation donor store normal store and
then I think that might be a maze or
something actually that's the maze in
that zone that's rules and whatnot and
um here we have the pvp arena where as
soon as you step out of here PvP and
what not so pretty cool and yeah as soon
as you come out here it's a free for all
factions you just have to go about give
or take 20 or 30 blocks and then you can
start building and taking stuff and
everything so yeah pretty cool um some
of the plugins we have our I let's see
let me list them we obviously have
factions on vota fire if you wanted to
vote for us to get diamond um we also
have essentials it's essential um we
have no lag which helps a lot and we
also have stuff like mob arena and yeah
so pretty cool let me show you the mob
reading a real quick
okay cool man he said if he likes the
server he'll donate Zeus which is a
hundred bucks oh yeah let me show you
the mod Rena mansion so this is the mob
arena I made this myself it's pretty
cool it's mob arena and I call it
mansion which you can see why it's a
pretty big home in one on yeah pretty
cool um banto um so yeah that's
basically it guys uh leave as you can
see we have a lot of players on right
now but that's just because we post it
to client minecraft and normally we have
give or take 12 on but um yeah pretty
cool um band that guy so yeah the IP is
flashing on the screen but if you are
too lazy to read it or whatever and
you'd rather hear my voice it is 65 dot
60 dots 15 dot 67 and the port is to 55
65 alright so that's basically it guys I
just want to thank you all for watching
as always comment rate and subscribe and
bye oh and as I forgot one more thing as
you can see it's updated to one point
four point six so yeah pretty cool so
comment rate subscribe and good